{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33400\viewh21000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Ronaldo was born on February 5, 1985, in Funchal, Madeira, Portugal, a small island off the western coast of the country. Ronaldo is the youngest of four children born to Maria Dolores dos Santos and Jos\'e9 Dinis Aveiro. He was named after Ronald Reagan, one of his father's favorite actors.\
\
\
Alex Morgan has starred for USA during a stellar 2018\
She has become a team captain and is closing in on her 100th goal\
Morgan spoke to FIFA.com ahead of Saturday\'92s France 2019 Draw\
Alex Morgan has long been one of women\'92s football\'92s biggest stars. But now, aged 29 and approaching her third FIFA Women\'92s Women\'92s World Cup\'99, she is dazzling brighter than ever.\
\
Morgan\'92s stats for this year make that case eloquently enough. From 19 international appearances in 2018, she has emerged with 18 goals and three assists. And whenever the stakes soared, so too did the performance levels of USA\'92s big-game player.\
\
Just think back to October\'92s CONCACAF Women\'92s Championship, when World Cup spots and a continental title were on the line. Morgan was unstoppable, scoring seven goals in five games \'96 three of which came in the semi-finals and final - to secure the competition\'92s Golden Boot and inspire a near-flawless campaign from her team.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Co-educational means education for boys and girls together. The practice has been different in different countries, and at different times. Most primary schools have been co-educational for a long time. There is no reason to educate females separately before the age of puberty.}